[DataGrid] Add `minWidth` to `GridColDef` (#2101)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/columns/columns.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnWidthGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Minimum width

> By default, the columns have a minimum width of 50 pixels.

Reviewer: We have moved away from using "pixels" in the core because it could be confused with the screen pixels, here we cover CSS pixels, so px seems more appropriate. Would it make more sense? It's almost the same so not something major.

```suggestion
By default, the columns have a minimum width of 50px.
```

> This is an arbitrary, easy to remember value.

Reviewer: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/293323/easy-to-use-versus-easy-to-use/293336

```suggestion
This is an arbitrary, easy-to-remember value.
```

For example, consider a grid with a total width of 500px that has three columns: the first with `width: 200`; the second with `flex: 1`; and third with `flex: 0.5`.
The first column will be 200px wide, leaving 300px remaining. The column with `flex: 1` is twice the size of `flex: 0.5`, which means that final sizes will be: 200px, 200px, 100px.

> To set a minimum width for a `flex` column set the `minWidth` property in `GridColDef`.

Reviewer 2: is it only for flex?

To prevent the resizing of a column, set `resizable: false` in the `GridColDef`.
Alternatively, to disable all columns resize, set the prop `disableColumnResize={true}`.

> To restrict resizing a column under a certain width set the `minWidth` property in `GridColDef`.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we do a maxWidth too?

Author: Hmm, that is interesting. It makes sense to add `maxWidth` as well to have all the relevant props supported, but maybe in a separate PR.

Author: Created a follow up ticket to not forget about this discussion -> https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/2174
